♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy,
oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy.
- Good morning, Bubbles!
- Wha-- what?
Ready for a Reeftown Rangers
adventure today?
Splash, I was still sleeping.
Sorry. [chuckles]
I always forget
you mandarin dragonets
need a lot more sleep
- than us yellowback fusiliers.
- Yeah, yeah.
How about you just come back
a little later, huh?
Will do.
[chuckles] Okay.
- Good morning, Bubbles!!
- Ahh!
Ready for a great day?
Huh? Huh? Huh?
Oh, boy, Splash.
It's only been a few seconds.
Oh, I'm sorry, but to be fair,
you didn't say how long.
Well, I'm up now.
What's the adventure for today?
So, I was thinking
something big and epic.
Ah, it sounds like fun.
What's a big and epic adventure
we could have?
I... have no idea.
Hmm?
But I'll know it when I see it.
Come on, let's go!
- Okay.
- I can't wait!
[laughs]
Oh, that looks
so beautiful.
[humming]
Psst, psst, psst.
Guys, guys, guys, guys.
- Oh, oh, hi, Maury.
- Come here, come here.
So have you guys heard
the news about Splash?
News? What news?
Well, you didn't hear it
from me, Maury,
but word on the reef is
our friend Splash
is looking to leave Reeftown.
What? Are you sure?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He said he wants to do
something big and epic.
He's probably already planning
out his next home
far across the ocean.
Well, did he say that?
Think about it.
He's a migratory fish.
And he's looking
for adventure.
That can only add up
to one thing: he's outta here!
Well, I gotta go.
Bye!
I had no idea that Splash was
thinking of leaving Reeftown.
He seemed so happy here.
I guess you never can tell
with migratory fish.
Hiya, guys!
Hey, why so, uh,
frowny-finned?
Well, we heard
that Splash wants to go
on an epic adventure.
He sure does.
That's why I came to get you.
- So what's so bad about that?
- Well, it's just that
Splash lived in a lot of places
before he came to Reeftown.
So?
So Reeftown is great,
but what if while we're out
having our epic adventure,
Splash discovers some
other place to call home?
[gasps] You know what?
We just won't let that happen.
How will we stop him?
We'll keep him
right here in Reeftown.
If he never goes out there,
he'll never find
another place to live.
That's the best plan
I've heard all day!
Let's show Splash
that he can have
an epic adventure
right here in Reeftown,
just hanging with friends.
Yeah!
Whoo-hoo!
Whoo!
There he is, now!
Oh, come on!
♪ Do do doo do do,
do do do ♪
♪ Hanging with friends
on the continental shelf ♪
♪ Shake a fin, swim on in,
and tell us about yourself ♪
I'm Splash, a fusilier.
You know I'm mobile.
♪ I really love to explore ♪
I'm going global.
Bubbles, that's me!
I'm a mandarin dragonet.
Do I like stuff
that's gross and gooey?
You bet!
♪ Hanging with friends
from near and far ♪
♪ Time to shine,
friend of mine ♪
♪ Tell us who you are ♪
I'm the artist known as Dunk.
That's one talent I got.
♪ I'm a pufferfish
and I know a lot about a lot ♪
Ripple, I'm a seahorse.
♪ I work well with others ♪
♪ That's 'cause
I have 499 brothers ♪
♪ Hanging with friends,
we love to explore ♪
we're always looking for more ♪
♪ When we get together,
the fun never ends ♪
♪ 'Cause nothing is better ♪
♪ Than hanging with friends ♪
♪ Do do doo do do,
do do do ♪
[all laughing]
So, about that epic adventure
we were talking about--
Uh, got one, um, today,
we're gonna have
an epic Reeftown adventure.
- Ooh!
- Well, Reeftown? Uh...
- Yeah, sure. Follow me.
- Okay, but--
- It'll be fun.
- Come on. Come on!
Reeftown Rangers part one.
- Dorsal Park slide.
- Whoo!
Look out below!
Whoa! Look, I'm doing it!
I'm doing it!
Yeah!
Whoa! Whoa!
[laughter]
Whoa! Whoo-hoo!
- Oh, that was amazing!
- Ta-da!
Whoo-ha!
[laughs]
Oh! Whoa!
Whoa! Whoa! Yeah!
[laughs] Whoa!
Guess who's here?
Splash the fusilier!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Whoa!
Ohh! [laughs]
Uh, adventurous, right?
Yeah, that was fun,
but I'm thinking
we should look for
a really big adventure.
You want
a really big adventure?
- Come on! [laughs]
- [laughs]
Try helping my dad take care
of 499 wild seahorse boys.
Ripple, have you seen
your brothers?
Specifically 66 and 278?
They're always wandering off.
Well, I'll get them.
Hermanos!
Es la hora de la merienda!
Uh, guys, you'd better get
out of the way.
Why? What does
"la hora de la merienda" mean?
[all talking, yelling excitedly]
It means "snack time."
- [laughs] Gotcha.
- What a great adventure
- that was, huh, Splash?
- Well, yeah.
But don't you guys want
to do something huge and epic?
Oh, yeah!
Uh, I got just the thing.
[laughs]
Um, as soon as I figure out
what it is.
Hmm. So, uh, Bubbles, uh,
what's the big adventure?
Is it-- is there
something new here?
Well, um,
something's bound to come along.
Hey, what is that?
Nice try, Bubbles.
Nothing was there a minute ago.
No, really,
there's some sort
of strange-looking
mysterious jellyfish over there.
Oh, well, that is weird.
Oh, there is something
different about that jellyfish.
Well, everyone's mysterious
until you get to know them.
Hey, let's introduce ourselves.
Uh, hello!
What's your name?
- Uh.
- Maybe it didn't hear you.
Yeah, um...
Hello, Mysterious Jellyfish!
My name is Splash!
Oh. Hmm.
What's your name?!
Its name is Plastic Bag.
Plastic Bag?
That's a funny name
for a jellyfish.
This is not
a jellyfish at all.
It's not even
part of the ocean.
It's something from up there.
Up there?
Past the ocean surface?
Now you know I go
to the surface to breathe air.
Up there,
I've seen these before,
but they certainly do not belong
down here in the ocean.
Are you sure
it doesn't belong?
It kind of looks
like a jellyfish.
And that's exactly what
makes it so dangerous.
Sea turtles, like me, who
eat jellyfish, can get confused.
And if they get one of these
in their tummies,
well,
they can get very sick.
Oh, no. Why would those things
be in our ocean?
It's a mystery,
my dear Ripple.
In fact about 95%
of what's above the surface
is still unexplored.
But we're hoping they know
that we're down here
and keep bags like this
out of our ocean.
Can we get rid of this?
Well, once it's in the ocean,
it's very hard
to get rid of.
Right now,
I'm off to another journey,
but I'll take it out of Reeftown
on my way.
- Where are you going, Flo?
- I'm going across the sea
to find the beach
where I was born.
Wow.
That sounds really far away.
Why are you going
all the way back there?
Because that's my first home.
Now it's time for me
to go back there and lay my eggs
so that new baby sea turtles
can be born there.
Now, I'm off on my journey.
I'll see you when I get back!
[all] Bye, Flo!
[gasps] I've got it!
Our epic adventure!
We can go catch up to Flo,
and-- and find out
where her home is!
But we don't even know
what ocean her home is in.
It doesn't really matter.
I mean, they're all connected
in one big ocean!
In fact, if we go far enough,
we can travel
around the whole world!
Wouldn't that be amazing?
- Ye-a-ah.
- Uhh...
Yeah!
I'll go ask Wave
for some directions about which
current to start with.
Oh, boy!
This is so great!
Ohh, I'm worried.
Remember what Maury said?
What if we go see
the whole ocean,
and Splash doesn't want
to come back to Reeftown?
That would be awful.
We can't go.
Ahh, but Splash
loves Reeftown.
That's a relief.
Okay, let's go.
But of course he hasn't
seen the whole world.
[gasps] That's true.
We can't go!
Ahh, but we're
Reeftown Rangers!
We are supposed to explore.
Guys, make up your mind.
I'm getting exhausted!
Come on, Reeftown Rangers.
Who's ready for our big
ocean adventure?
- I am!
- To the currents!
[laughs]
Yeah. [laughs]
[all] Let's go!
♪ We're ready to take
the ride of our lives ♪
[chorus]
♪ We're gonna catch a current ♪
♪ The whole ocean's waiting
right before our eyes ♪
[chorus]
♪ What an adventure ♪
♪ We'll see what
we've never seen before ♪
♪ This is our chance
to really explore ♪
[all] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh,
we'll catch a current ♪
♪ On the ultimate water ride ♪
♪ There's so many currents
and so much to discover ♪
♪ We're starting on one,
and we can jump to another ♪
[all] ♪ They go up and down,
circle round ♪
♪ We'll be racing ♪
♪ It's all so amazing ♪
♪ Come on, we'll go anywhere
and everywhere ♪
♪ The real fun
is traveling there ♪
[all] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh
we'll catch a current ♪
♪ On the ultimate
water ride ♪
[all] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh
we'll catch a current ♪
♪ We'll take the ride
of our lives ♪
Okay, um, let's see,
uh, I spy with my fishy eye
something purple.
- [all grunting thoughtfully]
- You'll never find it.
- Ha ha ha.
- Hmm. [gasps]
- Is it those purple urchins?
- Oh, it is. [laughs]
Okay, your turn, Bubbles.
Ah, okay, I got one.
I spy with my fishy eye
something yellow and blue.
Ooh! Is it me?
- Nope.
- Oh.
Oh! Is it that school
of blue tang?
Wha-- it is!
Okay, you go, Dunk.
All right, all right.
It's gonna be a good one.
Let's see,
uh, I spy with my fishy eye
something-- Flo?
Something Flo?
What does that mean?
- Yeah.
- No, there's Flo!
I think we found her
up there on the current.
Well, it's definitely
a turtle.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, but...
it doesn't look like Flo.
- Hmm.
- Uh, hello?
Oh, hey. I'm Scoot.
What's your name?
- Oh, hi, my name's Du--
- Ooh, nice stripe.
That reminds me
of a blue coral I once saw.
Do you guys like coral?
Ooh, you know what I love?
Oh, be right back!
Wha-- is he gone?
Better question--
is he out here all alone?
Oh, well, maybe he lives
around here.
Uh, I'm back!
Sorry, had to go breathe.
Do you know what I love?
Jellyfish!
Don't you just love jellyfish?
Uh, yeah, I like jellyfish.
Uh, are there a lot of jellyfish
out here where you live?
Yeah, I guess so.
I mean, my home is the ocean.
And there's a lot
of jellyfish in the ocean.
Right, well,
we all live in the ocean.
But where do you live?
You know, like, we live
in a place called Reeftown.
Oh, I've swum past reefs.
They look nice.
I just kinda live wherever.
You don't have a home?
But you're just a little guy.
No, I'm a big boy now.
I'm almost four years old!
Scoot, uh, there's a bunch
of fish that are about--
[chattering]
Scoot, buddy, seriously,
you need to turn around.
I've just kinda been
riding the currents...
- Whoa!
- And seeing where they take me,
and that's just how I like it.
Yeah. See, guys?
That's just the sense of
adventure I was talking about.
We're on a bit
of adventure ourselves.
We're going around the whole big
ocean looking for our friend.
She's a sea turtle
just like you.
[gasps] Oh, that sounds
like so much fun!
It's been a while since I went
all the way around the world.
I tend to stick more
to the warmer parts if I can.
When I get too chilly,
my shell starts--
[grunts] shaking!
I just don't know
how you do this, Scoot.
I've only been gone
from Reeftown a little while,
and I'm already homesick!
Well, that's no big deal.
It's just what we
baby sea turtles do.
Travel and grow and learn
to survive for two,
up to ten years.
But after that,
you'll have a home?
Maybe, but I already
have a home, remember?
The whole ocean is my home.
I don't have to call
one place my home,
when I can call every place
my home!
Wow, that sounds amazing!
Oh, I love seeing different
places and meeting new friends,
just like you!
[laughs]
Guys, it seems like Splash
is having a lot of fun so far!
Yeah, maybe too much fun.
He may want to keep traveling
this whole big ocean with Scoot.
Well, it's not doing us
any good to worry right now.
Let's just have fun with Splash
on this adventure.
Yeah.
I guess you're right.
You know, he is our friend
and if traveling
around this big ocean
makes him happy,
then we should all support that.
- Yeah, come on.
- And then, this one time,
I swam right near
this whirlpool,
and I was like,
whoa, whoa, whoa!
- [laughter]
- Then, I was okay.
- Just a little dizzy.
- [laughs] Scoot, I thought
I had seen a lot of stuff,
but you're only three--
- Uh-uh. Almost four.
- Okay.
And you've already seen
so much more than I have.
- Oh, you're so lucky!
- Well, thanks.
- But you're really lucky, too.
- Wha--what do you mean?
Well, you have all these
really nice friends
with you all the time.
I love travelling,
but I also love--
[screams]
And there he goes again.
- So should we wait, or--
- I love travelling.
- [all exclaim]
- But I also love to talk
and play games and there are
only so many times
you can play chase your tail
before that gets old.
Where are you, tail?
Oh, I know you're
back there somewhere!
See what I mean?
- Here's a thought.
- Huh?
We're all looking
for Flo, right?
And Scoot is looking
for some new friends
to play with, huh?
So he can come with us
on our adventure.
Hey, great idea, Bubbles.
Great idea, Bubba.
Uh, Bubbles.
Yeah, we're best friends.
[laughs] Aww.
Well, if you love
having friends,
you're gonna love
our friend Flo, the sea turtle.
She's been around
for a long time,
so she could teach you
the best ways to stay safe
- and out of trouble!
- Whoa!
Why would I need help
with that?
- [all sigh]
- Uh, no reason.
Let's do this,
Reeftown Rangers.
And, uh, honorary
Reeftown Ranger. [laughs]
[all]
Ocean friends forever!
And ever and ever
and ever and ever and--
oh, sorry,
it's my first club.
[laughs]
It's okay.
So, uh, what do you
wanna do first?
Do you guys like
to play games?
[all] Uh, yeah!
What don't we like to play?
Uh, there's hide-and-seek,
finball,
ooh, exploring tunnels.
Ooh!
Let's explore tunnels!
- [gasps] I see one now!
- Oh, uh--
[all exclaim]
[Ripple]
That's not a tunnel!
Save that turtle!
Oh!
- We're coming, Scoot!
- Oh, I'm not gonna make it!
[stammers]
I guess he really did
find a tunnel.
Bet you can't catch me!
[gasps] Whoa!
[laughs]
This kid's a ball of energy.
Oh, don't worry.
He'll get tired soon enough.
Come on.
This tunnel's gonna be fun.
- [Splash groans]
- Ooh-wee!
Like I was saying,
he'll tire himself out.
- Any minute.
- Whee!
- I hope.
- Whoa!
Okay, now what, best friends?
Uh, I don't know, Scoot.
How about, um--
- [gasps] Lunch!
- Huh?
Now that is a good idea.
No, that is my lunch.
- A jellyfish. Yum!
- [all exclaim]
It's another one
of those plastic bags!
- Yeah.
- Scoot, don't eat that!
Oh, this is the strangest
jellyfish I've ever seen.
That's because it's not
a jellyfish.
That's right!
This doesn't belong here.
Now go away, plastic bag.
Fine, be that way.
[scoffs]
Come on, come on, pal.
Let's go.
Hey, what about my lunch?
Uh, well, eating that
would hurt your belly, okay?
- Besides, wouldn't you rather--
- But I'm hungry!
No, no, I'm tired.
Wait! No, you're right.
I wanna play.
Let's play!
All right, all right,
how about we play
in the ooey, gooey
algae puddle, huh?
- Do you really wanna do that?
- Ah, sure. If you want to.
I know it might be
a little weird,
but I like to splish and sploosh
in muddy puddles.
Whoo-hoo!
That's not weird at all.
Really, Bubbles?
You like to do it, too?
Like it? I love it!
[chorus]
♪ Hey, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I like it yucky ♪
♪ And all the ucky ♪
♪ So if it's yucky
and it's ucky ♪
♪ Well, then,
I should be so lucky ♪
♪ If it's slimy ♪
♪ And if it's grimy ♪
[chuckles]
♪ Well, let the party begin ♪
♪ Oh, I like the yucky stuff ♪
♪ And really,
I can't get enough ♪
♪ So now you know how I feel ♪
♪ You'll find me
where it's muddy ♪
♪ And really cruddy ♪
♪ 'Cause where it's cruddy
and it's muddy ♪
♪ I might find
a brand-new buddy ♪
♪ If it's greasy ♪
♪ I don't get queasy ♪
Unh-unh!
♪ Give me goopy,
and you know I'm all in! ♪
♪ When something's oozin' ♪
♪ You'll see me cruisin' ♪
♪ You know I'm choosin'
to take a good look ♪
♪ And if it's gooey,
gimme extra ooey ♪
♪ I like it yucky-ucky
slimy-grimy ♪
♪ Muddy-cruddy,
gloppy-sloppy ♪
♪ All the yucky stuff
is treatin' me right ♪
♪ And that's the stuff
that I like ♪
♪ Hmm ♪
[laughs]
[laughs] Hey, Scoot.
Uh, Scoot?
Where'd he go?
- Shells away!
- Huh?
- [splashing]
- [laughs]
So what do you think?
I love it!
[laughs] I could do this
all day!
[laughs] Oh! Ooh!
Eh?
[Scoot splashing and laughing]
Whee!
Ohh, whoa! Oh! Yahoo!
Boy, he was not kidding.
He really could
do this all day.
But we need to get going
and catch up to Flo,
- right, guys? Guys?
- I love mud!
I love it so much!
I love it more than--
[gasps] It's back.
The big, white bubble.
It's back.
Wow, it's so beautiful!
When I first crawled
out of the sand,
the first thing I saw
was the big, white bubble
in the sky.
It's almost like
my oldest friend.
But that's not as good
as my best friends. [laughs]
- Aww.
- Aww!
Thanks, Scoot.
Huh. You know,
I've always wondered...
what do you think it is?
[Dunk] I think that it's a light
so that we can see at night.
'Cause otherwise,
it'd be so dark.
Maybe, but I think
it's even more than that.
It's something we can all
share together.
Like how I can see it
and so can my Papa back home.
Hmm, makes you wonder about
all the places in the ocean
you can look up
and all see the same light
- up there at night.
- [Ripple] Yeah.
That's because we all live
in one big ocean.
- Right, Splash?
- Yeah. You got it, buddy.
[yawns] Ah. You know,
normally, yellowback
fusiliers like me
don't need much sleep,
but I am beat.
I feel like we've been
traveling all day.
Oh, wait, we have.
[all laugh]
- But you know what?
- What?
Even though we traveled
far from Reeftown,
having you all around
makes it feel like home.
[chuckles]
Don't you think?
- [snores]
- Uh-- aww. [laughs]
Aww.
Good night, little guy.
[laughs] And, uh,
good night, bright bubble.
- Good night, guys.
- [snoring, yawning]
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪